When it comes to integrated development environments, I am first going to talk about Microsoft Visual studio. Although we are going to get acquanted with it very well soon enough,it still deserves at least a few word introduction.Visual Studio is used to produce programs for Windows,as well as web sites, web applications,ect.It supports C,C#,C++,Visual Basic(And Visual Basic.Net,F# and many other and Python,Ruby and many other languages can also be used through it. Its feature Intellisence is a rather useful tool,sometimes smarter than the programmer himself(at least in my case).
Another popular one is Eclipse.This is the best alternative if you are not a big fan of Microsoft’s Visual Studio. The interface is a lot cleaner and concise than Visual Studio and the languages that are possible to use extend past the .Net Framework. Besides being the number on way to develop Android applications via the Android SDK, it is fully extensible to use languages such as Ruby, C, C++ and many many more.It's also free for all users unlike VS.
Netbeans should also be mentioned in this list.Netbeans comes with the GlassFish server to use in order to deploy on your computer and test your environment,which is very useful,especially for 'noobs' like me.Like Eclipse, it's free, but it also complies code,w hich eclipse does not do 
Another one to mention is Code::Blocks- is a free, open source cross-platform IDE which supports multiple compilers(a program translation the programming language into another one, usually in binary code -object code).It's used for programming in C,C++ and Fortran - a languages especially suited for scientific computing,developed in 1950.
The last one I will put on my list is MonoDevelop.MonoDevelop is an open source integrated development environment for Linux, OS X,[5] and Windows.Its primary focus is development of projects that use Mono and .NET frameworks. MonoDevelop integrates features similar to those of NetBeans and Microsoft Visual Studio, such as automatic code completion, source control, a graphical user interface (GUI) and Web designer. MonoDevelop integrates a Gtk# GUI designer called Stetic.[7] It supports Boo, C, C++, C#, CIL, D, F#, Java, Oxygene, Python, Vala, and Visual Basic.NET.