According to the website stackoverflow.com (which I recommend for any questions regarding programing, and which I specifically chose for this text since they provide their information in a matter which saves time and brain cells), the most popular programming languages, excluding C# are C++,Java and Objective c.
C++ is described as a intermediate-level language, since it compromises a combination of both high-level and low-level language features-meaning, in plain English, that it's closer to the 'language' of computers than C# yet it is still comprehensible for a programmer. It is applied in systems software (Microsoft Windows for example), embedded software, server and client applications and entertainment software (video games, etc.).It introduces object-oriented programming, so even when it becomes obsolete, it will leave a remarkable print on the history of programming.
Java is an object-oriented language and is very similar in that matter to C#,However, while C# is a creation of Microsoft, designed to have a very strict set of rules, Java is created to let developers implement their own decisions and allows a certain amount of interaction as a source of changes in its structure. Also, Java is distributed on all sorts of platforms, including mobile ones, while C# remains primarily distributed on Microsoft Windows-based platforms which makes it a product, governed in a more centralized manner. Java has 5 goals when created an released- to be simple, object-oriented and familiar, to be secure, to be architecture-neutral and secure, to be executed with "high performance" and to be interpreted, threaded and dynamic.
Objective C is a programming language that is mostly used in the development of iphone applications, which is one very big difference compared to C#.It was first created in the 1980s, while C# is much, much younger, but it's also based on the C programming language.
Another very popular language is PHP.PHP (Hypertext Processor) is a free, server-side scripting language designed for dynamic websites and app development. It can be directly embedded into an HTML source document rather than an external file, which has made it a popular programming language for web developers. PHP powers more than 200 million websites, including Wordpress, Digg and Facebook. PHP is considered to be much easier than C# to learn, and does not require the Windows platform, but that also mean it cannot take advantage of its positive sides.Also,PHP is a scripting language - a  is a programming language that supports scripts, programs written for a special run-time environment that can interpret (rather than compile) and automate the execution of tasks that could alternatively be executed one-by-one by a human operator. It is designed for web development, but can be used for a number of other tasks.
Ruby is another scripting language, and in my personal experience is very easily distinguishable from C#.It's syntax  is much more simplified, which at first appears easy to learn, but can turn out to be tricky, as it is much more flexible than C#.Like Java, Ruby relies on a 'community', which provides the so called jems- tools and libraries which provide different functionalities for a developer's program. Even though C# is undeniably better when it comes to performance, Ruby promises to become an even more popular language in the future.
JavaScript is also considered to be one of the most popular languages - it is a client and server-side scripting language developed by Netscape that derives much of its syntax from C. It can be used across multiple web browsers and is considered essential for developing interactive or animated web functions. It is also used in game development and writing desktop applications. JavaScript interpreters are embedded in Google's Chrome extensions, Apple's Safari extensions, Adobe Acrobat and Reader, and Adobe's Creative Suite.
Last,but not least,my personal favourite- SQL.SQL is a language used to create and manage databases and is therefore very easily differentiated from the above mentioned 5 languages- none of them are created for that purpose ( even though I know Ruby can actually be used for that as well as its other purposes).It is also a product of Microsoft and it is very easy to learn and implement. What mashable.com says about it is that "Structured Query Language (SQL) is a special-purpose language for managing data in relational database management systems. It is most commonly used for its "Query" function, which searches informational databases. SQL was standardized by the American National Standards Institute (ANSI) and the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) in the 1980s.".
P.S.:If I were you,I'd open it in Word, it's impossible to read like this.